There we go.
This is being recorded.
Got.
OK, so our first item today is
a complex scene and I'm just
going to pull up the.
Pull up the directions just as
like your voice is coming
across.
Your voice is coming across
very distorted.
Umm.
Let me see.
Does it sound a little better
now?
Yeah, a little.
It's breaking up. It's it's
it's it's scratchy.
OK.
And and the the little I can
see your lips move before I hear
the voice.
Oh, OK.
I don't know. I will live with
it, but I.
Yeah. Is there anything
important you need to know? Then
then e-mail it.
OK.
OK, so today we're starting off
with a complex scene and I'm
just going to show you the
directions for a complex scene
again.
So you are going to describe a
complex scene.
Imagine you were describing the
scene to somebody who could not
see the picture.
Picture describe what is
happening and what you see in
the scene as thoroughly as
possible, and then you'll have
three to five minutes.
Am I still breaking up a lot?
OK.
Yes. Yeah.
It's OK. I can I can understand
just saying it's just there's a
delay in the break up.
OK.
I'm just trying to think of
what.
I'm just making sure I'm on the
right Wi-Fi. I am.
Change no.
OK, so now I'm going to share.
Oh, see, I kind of heard that.
OK, so I'm going to share this
picture and then.
Just for you to describe it in
three to five minutes.
As best you can.
OK.
That is large as you make it.
I could zoom in.
OK, so I'll be ready whenever
you're ready.
#START_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
describing the scene, but it's
very chaotic, very powerful.
Oh God it seems to be indoors
for the volcano model volcano.
It may not be until they look to
be inside.
Like Conference Center with
stalls at and.
Just just.
Room walls, rather than within a
large building, there's hundreds
of people.
It splitted 2 halves.
And.
It's titled Dinosaurs, Spacemen
and ghouls
Which seems a bit right. We've
got a volcano with.
Cavemen leaving into the lava
coming out and smoke cave in
with wooden clubs, leaping and
down climbing up the volcano.
Climbing down volcano.
Dressed as you would expect in
animal skin, look like the
Flintstones.
All the scores of the milling
around on this volcano. So on
the volcano a dinosaurs.
peculiarly colored blue ones and
red ones, green ones.
There's one that looks like a
giant gorilla dinosaur leaning
back with his chin on his elbow,
looking very relaxed, just
surveying the line he's sitting
next to.
Bright green dinosaur where the
caveman is.
Drawing some graffiti on the
side of the green dinosaur.
There are two actually seen
Little uncaring.
Uh.
There is big pink dinosaur, that
is all.
And a small dinosaurs and you
friend with the cavemen down
below in the scene.
All the three bit like a party
rather than anyone being {oops
gone.}
It is more like a party rather
than people being.
You know, devoured by the
creatures.
Hold on this left hand side side
of the.
it looks to be a film set.
Don't see any cameras. There's
lots of.
Lights that you would expect on
a building. The cameras working.
The proposition I'm sure there
are. And maybe the dinosaurs are
actors dressed up.
You can see it on the screen
there are.
cavemen getting their makeup
line in front of.
Mirrors with these four or five
light bulbs of mirror like
start. There's a door out from
the medium into the main area
where all the people are, the
big Gold Star at the door. So
presumably that's, that's that's
blue for the.
Actors again betray their
partners? Really. Very.
Busy scene.
My next slide of this of of the
bull spread.
There's a backdrop becoming the
gold blue screen films, but it's
blue-green screen. Rather, it's
exactly blue in color.
With a.
Ships on it like a giant
wallpaper. They just happened
known and left to right and
Cavemen hanging their ropes
under the three ships and as
they crashed, rocket ship nose
first into the ground.
spacemen falling out it
There's no flames. It's crashed.
There are people floating.
Above it.
Suspended.
By disease.
Below them there's an over from
the previous half the page.
Caveman can't see any dinosaurs
on the part of the page.
But you can leave the the film
crew working feverishly behind
the scenes.
Carrying these, the road, the
cannon, the human cannonball is
in the top corner. He's going to
appear somewhere in the space,
and I think there's also a ship.
But rather, I think floating in
the sky with spaceships.
Below all of that, I think
there's the looks like a
cafeteria.
Busy feeding all the in the of
the page for the weekend is
going on, going on behind them.
Although there's a tree as
another creature
There seems to be a tree with
with or or a tree.
Both of you.
Somebody is inside it.
{I'm gonna have to blow my nose
if you will adjust to that.}
I suppose there's probably 100
people in this scene, all small
characters all doing their own
thing. There's a.
Red green or pink or blue?
Dinosaur look very they don't
look very, very, very dangerous.
The, the. The.
Mummy Person, covered in
bandages, walking in there with
them. Three of them.
I think the Mad Hollywood scene
behind the scenes from
Hollywood. There's several films
all over lapping one as its
title and all spacemen and
ghouls, many ghouls, maybe the
ghouls and the ghouls
But no. Very, very colorful
lots.
ghouls. Monsters.
Di dinosaurs predominantly. #END_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
Next.
OK, perfect.
Now let me pull up the next
one.
OK, I found it. OK, I'm gonna
share my screen. It's another
complex scene.
So same thing as before, just
describe it for three to five
minutes and I will put this in.
Presenting mode.
And you could start whenever
you're ready.
OK, right. OK. #START_picture_this The complex scene has
lots and lots going on and it looks
to be
be a
Christmas
card. This we see is attached to
the individual people and from
direct like colour against the
wall.
Probably 100 different detecting
various characters.
It's titled.
Pick the look at all these
framed portraits. For me, that's
what they are.
OK they may be colored
differently some of the
characters I have.
Met on.
Some who are here elsewhere in
this book, 4 characters can be
solved here twice in this
tacular display like that,
whether we can do that but don't
transcribe.
A different type of characters
were saying as he says, they're
all born raised by.
Birthday greetings that size.
Roll stacked one on top of it
randomly. Piggly Wiggly pins to
enable.
And you the bottom right hand
corner, the caveman walking
away.
Is that he's made God. He's
pinned the portraits on the wall
through The Walking away.
Move the barrel.
In, in, in, in suits of armor,
there's a spaceship.
There is a A.
Not a.
Would you like scooby-doo on the
on the on the chain?
hand is displayed.
The instruction, and he's been
briefed that's the fruit has
fallen out of the way and landed
on another path, the green
shirt.
The people.
Dragon the dragon.
And boosters.
Dog think bubble above his head
confused.
The those seems to be dressed in
a Roman toga
The caveman.
And you can visit the large
grizzly bear's tapping him on his
shoulder.
There is
Man on a motorcycle, a small
baby doll
The spotty Angel.
The Dungeon car with a with
aggressive face of front teeth.
That would be all.
Have.
And with an umbrella in the
green suit.
Two sumo wrestlers.
It looks like a pair of thieves
stealing the boy.
We'll have that. Will has it one
day.
As a.
Forum.
Brother, brother, by doing the
fight, somebody else doing.
I got you this black thing with,
I don't know, find the four
different things that appear
twice and I'm going to find
them. There's a cactus.
Arms and legs, it's approved to the
government is running away.
The caveman is. He's working. It
had to. I think he didn't think
the wheel. He's gotta cut wheel
on a.
Everybody
knows what to do with it now.
He's invented it, but he's got
along. #END_picture_this
I think that's about all I'm
getting out of this. It's a
little bit confusing to be
honest. There's so much going
on.
OK, that's perfect.
Let me see what we have next.
OK, so next we have another
complex scene.
OK, so same thing as before, 3
to 5 minutes to describe the
scene.
OK. OK.
Alright, I was trying to read
the words the too small.
#START_waldo_1 It's a scene of a
busy Town Center.
Actually, we can see 12345 half
a dozen streets, all
intersecting the triangular.
Pedestrian area of this through
the town square with a large
fountain
In the middle of it.
appears to be children playing
in the fountain
You would just walking by
ignoring.
There's some statues around the
fountain one of the.
We are Roman.
Centurion with a bow and arrow.
He's one of the statues.
Through plenty of emoticons,
too, because of an accident ones
a pickup truck. Pickup truck is
yellow. It's been bashed into
from behind by a red saloon car
sedan car.
The policemen running toward
them and to uniform and cap.
They.
The fire engine coming out of
it.
Big Red truck and it used to be
a fire engine.
That there are people on the
roofs of these people arguing
out of the windows of buildings.
There's a.
OK, there is a over the white
striped awning, people are
sitting at tables outside
watching what's going on as the
men spending from the roof being
windows perhaps these.
Somebody inside the radiator on
the on the platform side of it.
Maybe a very impressive, self
impressed person, the top of the
stairs and someone raising his
hat to him coming and going. I
think it's.
motorcycle driving past by
stooky exhaust.
People dashing into the market
stalls opposite the triangle
towns, etc.
Don't know what they're selling,
but the they're doing good
trade. There were people.
Lined up.
Couple of those people who don't
bum leaders, though.
Ignoring the dogs are
introducing themselves.
I think we have.
Apartment block someone into the
main door. Window cleaner. We
have a.
A black.
Offered his hand.
Get a red car down the street.
In Smokey Exhuast
Visit someone's full device.
We've had an ambulance coming
out of it, it's out of, it's out
of it.
Garage
The school crossing guard with a
traffic children run across.
Very busy, very colourful.
lots going on.
no one seems to be directing,
there's no cop that they.
A busy Town Center
in the middle of the day, with
all that entails. #END_waldo_1
A perfect.
OK, the next one is also a
complex scene. Going to pull it
up.
Why so? Like before, just take
3 to 5 minutes to describe this
scene.
OK, I think it would be good.
Hours is gonna be great detail.
Again the the Great deal going
on, it's will be full of.
Great. And then they decide.
#START_deep_sea_divers Deep sea
diver. The makes sense because
the image is above water and
there are 1234 perhaps boots or
more.
fishing and also active divers
to to.
To return to a lot of people
fishing as well.
Red light striped boats, blue
and red striped boats. Some of
them have sails. There's a green
and white stripey sailed boat
with the boats are actually
overladen with people with
hanging rod in line with the
light of the.
The other is 1123 shapes. 4
ships on this and horizon maybe
going to the event so special.
tide wave, they go fishing
Very strange fish.
Like the others, I'm in the huge
in size or small fellows called
a very large fish.
Blue and green.
Purple, orange and red spots
related.
We can see people and under the
sea as well as the sea
creatures.
I think these people don't know
how they've been down there.
They looked mermaids, they go
straight you shorts on, white
and green and white one around
the bottom of the page and have
reverberations.
The Big green octopus being very
sternly at the the people.
Or look like they're scaped
prisoners in their trophy.
Clearly one of them has a big,
big beard.
Of arrows left to right.
I don't never the really arrows
maybe it's the school of the
small fish lumped together
produce the.
Effect the large arrow.
The thought loose swordfish.
Small red submarines there.
a little concerned about the
people underwater without their
breathing operations. They look
like mermaids.
I don't see how they are
supporting themselves.
There is a.
Treasure treasure chest or large
teams studies that we opened
with a key.
I would do one stop.
Everyone appears to be doing
their own thing. There's no
common purpose behind all these
people because the bubble
emanating from some of the the
divers.
I can see how they could.
Expel lab. See how they getting
the air into themselves? Anyway,
there are some vines hanging off
the boats, and maybe there's a
breathing tubes. Maybe not all
the fears you might maybe some
of them.
This woman is gonna get oxygen.
shellfish this ends with the
two two instances.
Like with the arrows, they form
themselves into a smiley face
Yeah, red fish all the way
around the outside form the
outline of the face. Who blue
Fisher eyes.
A red and goldfish with the nose
and some green fish all there.
Producing the edge of a smiley
face which is quite nice.
One similar looks like a shark
doesn't ever smile.  made it
looks like a little red fish
Swimming from right to left.
A group of people and News 345
say 5 or 6.
It's holding on to a new vendor,
which is a yellow fish that
seems we wouldn't eat another
person who's bearded and blue
and white.
That was the water.
He's being destroyed by a fish
Titan.
Hooked by.
A line of water.
That one should have sunk, and
there's a person over there with
an oar. He's throwing his arms
in the air while the ship goes
down by the boat. The ship is a
small rowing boat.
Go there and fight.
We can see through the boats
amongst the boat. They're little
intervals, very small. One of
them was overcrowded with a
dozen people on it, little rocky
outcrops of land.
They also fishing from these,
from these.
Locations. #END_deep_sea_divers
OK, that's perfect.
Yeah, I'll pull up the next
one.
Let's see what we have now.
Ohh you're good. Oh it's
another.
So I'll go grab that.
Excuse me? You're good. OK.
OK, yeah, the next one is
another scene I'm going to share
my screen.
And whenever you're ready, just
take 3 to 5 minutes to describe
this scene.
#START_airport OK, it's another
busy, busy city time. It's an
airport.
And we can see that you could
throw down those windows 12345.
6 yeah, one of them looks a bit
like Concord. All you gotta do
rideable.
World War One biplane.
Rocket fire with a flaming tail.
oddly, a flying saucer and a.
Commercial airline they're all
in the sky above
hot air balloon on the ground.
Yellow line and a blue stripe.
You wanted a green one.
Large one in the center of the
image with which is primarily
watched the blue-green
horizontal stripes, the fire
engine dashing. The disease was
spraying walnut fireman of
fallen off of things. It's
dashed towards the the place.
There's a.
plane playing with the peace
playing card in the cockpit,
they're flying Ace from World
War One perhaps
People attended the disembark
from an airplane and they idiot
ground crew were placed the
stars to the wrong, the wrong
place. They they placed the the
left of doorways that people
were coming out of the plane and
falling to the ground because
the stairs are not there.
They're they're they're tending
to the left.
Not sure why the people were on
fire while there is a fire, but
the fire brigade putting the
flame out.
We have people won two parables
walking from airplanes. There's
a baggage CART training 23456
different.
Baggage carriages which are
being towed.
People loading and unloading.
Through the rear cargo doors of
the way these people are getting
off the plane.
The man on the wing, waving his
arm and some purple stuff,
breaking traffic with another.
No, it's a it's a warder.
And that's not sure what it's
being really that there's
another baggage cart train and
there's water bears that seems I
think the baggage cart has has
has run over this training hose
of the red water.
And there are two people on top
of this airplane. Not sure why
there are two people, what
they're doing. One is waving his
arms around.
We the people that talk to the
buildings observing what's going
on.
Looking in all directions, we
were knocking, was looking in
the sky.
There's an airplane with front.
Nose cone hinge open and no ones
de loading or unloading with.
I think they're getting written.
There is.
OK, well inside the the airport
people are getting ready to.
Pass through and board
everything to just arriving
again through passport baggage
collection. That's all we've
got. The circular baggage
collection people.
Moving around at the household
from there they are collecting
the suitcases.
Again, going in all directions
at the same time, no common
purpose.
Small.
No, don't. It's smoke people.
The airport crew are hiding
behind her.
Collection of packing cases, I
mean.
These sneaky cigarettes. But we
can leave the smoke wafting
around.
Maybe this doesn't define
define? We're getting it.
{That's about all I can I can
give you, I think.}
{Oh, and I bought it before it
disappeared.}
It's all very well,
a small red plane in the
distance
boarding your plane. #END_airport
I'll pull up the next one.
OK, the next one is another
scene.
Let me pull it up.
OK, yes, it's another scene.
Same thing as before. Just take
3 to 5 minutes to describe what
you see.
OK.
OK, well another complex scene
is for the two pages.
#START_birthday_party_fun Uh,
highly brightly colored. Lots
and lots going on. It's titled
birthday party fun penguins
stumbled upon a birthday
celebration.
The media thinks the monkeys of
the zoos calm in comparison to
the kids at this party.
Hugo heads straight from the
party food to nibble  on
sandwiches, while annie
stretches and stretches his
wings and gets ready for game of
tug of war. There are Penguins
10 they can find.
So we have it supposed to be
somebody's back garden was a
gated entrance to a fence all
the way around as a neighbour
old lady, peering over with
spectacles and a bum, peering
over the fence that's going on
the land and the trees.
People wearing masks.
Old English policeman in his
blue uniform and pointy hat.
He's in the middle of
proceedings and there's some
Vikings are attacking from
behind, so I suspect it's a
fancy dress. There's an
inflatable bouncy castle and
that's being used by lots of
people in costume. There's a
back.
Uh.
A knight in armor.
Which was sleeping socks.
Large cat.
I believe someone dressed an
elephant. He's walking past the
bouncy castle.
People in skull marks the
columns, a dog walking on his
hind leg. It's his brain good,
and the big bad wolf there
behind the bouncy castle
there are pigs feeding table he
was picking the table covered in
jellies and cakes.
The.
A pink pig is the waiting his
turn to get a slice of cake.
The girl in a blue light spotty
dress.
Another fellow was arriving,
getting big large cake with
candles and that he's been
getting to table.
planning a surprise. A large
spotty dog is arriving with them
in a green blazer. And they.
India and secret urban?
Is is a man with a great big
ball with mustache and a top
hat.
There are balloons, colas,
lanterns in the trees.
With little knots of people,
little collections of people
gathered together with.
We will paddling pool and the
boy is getting a red bucket of
water over a girl in the in the
centre of the pool.
Well, might well be a mermaid,
but the closer.
Someone with a water gun
shooting around the pool. That
someone walking by.
Large colored balloons.
Tiring of a.
someone dressed as Elvis
Presley, like Elvis Presley is
in the center of the scene.
Don't know whether he's thinking
people are much eat.
Loose.
Gold.
Just to the the hedgerow.
People coming in with presents
brightly wrapped.
I think, and I can't see things,
you know, there's supposed to be
magazine tiger. I can see it's
overall clouds, the cowboy.
People just costumes.
The one dressed in the in a.
Small devil with a forked tail
costume.
The Eden with with wrapped
gifts.
Absolute
jazzy I just talked about.
I don't know. I don't know. I
don't identify with the birthday
child, one of the many lot of
people kept to his party
anyway. #END_birthday_party_fun
There we go.
They do.
OK, perfect.
We pull up the next one.
Just to forewarn you in advance
that we're gonna get a
thunderstorm here again, there
may be that if it.
Does arrive, we gonna lose
them, lose power.
OK. Yeah, don't worry, we'll.
Regal.
We're actually almost. We have
a few more left, so we'll see.
How much longer this takes?
Right now we have a.
We're going to do our last
complex scene and then we just
have two stories.
OK.
So.
No, I was just for warning,
that's all. Ohh no, you're good.
We actually I lost power.
Two nights ago. So I I yeah,
with the storms.
Yeah, yeah.
OK, so whenever you're ready,
this is another complex scene.
OK, well, let's let's do it.
OK, we're ready.
OK, this is the comic scene. #START_campsite
It's a complex scene of a.
camp ground by a
river and I think we have homes
on one side of the river and
people camping in tents on the
other side of the river.
And on the river there's a
Have a series of people fishing
at this bridge
Either someone.
Canoe No, it's not a good canoe,
I'd say log
On a on like.
Number.
Canal narrow, but going down.
It's red with the blue roof.
1234 signal on their in swimming
costumes.
The guy that wrote the visions,
the top of the page which is his
caravans, and the lower image,
which has people very garish.
The 10th Gold Global like an old
Arab tends like.
Alibaba Tembisa hippie tent
covered in flowers and the
occupants are sitting inside it.
Dressed like Indians, perhaps,
contenders collapsed.
Parties with people living to
and fro through towards the
river and the way the donkeys
and the field companies you know
in a field with hedra around it
because going into the field to.
Actually they may not be in
donkey. The other one is a bull
and it doesn't look to be too
happy. It's it's snorting scene
that it's nostrils so donkey
things friendly enough.
There's a mermaid and the birds
and ducks in there.
People walking to and from other
people going to wards the river.
See do we having like backpacks
and and and hiking sticks and
stuffs walking as if they're on
a pyramid? Sure don't think they
are there. Other people seem to
be exhausted by the process than
lying prostate on the prostrate,
on the on the on the ground and.
Crawling towards into the bank.
Almost like supplicants, the one
trapped in there. Maybe they are
pilgrims.
The ignoring everybody.
The resident looked like one of
those places they were.
You go in and they're doing
fortune telling, one of those
sort of tents.
And there's an old couple old
canvas Boy Scout tents that are.
Look you bit shabby.
Be looking at oops.
Gathered in small conversing.
People carrying walking, walking
staff, 6 foot walking staff.
They don't seem to be Spears,
but quite a lot of people have
them.
We had going to the caravans
that the ones seems to be on
fire.
On.
No, no vehicles have always been
parked in this field.
The red walnut pink one and one
with the track.
Blue-green one.
People just milling around them,
they know.
Actually sitting outside the.
Proprietorially.
But.
With the owner of any farming,
the impossibles were behind.
in the distance there are gentle
hills with trees and throws
quite small fields. No one sees
beer ball gazing 2 people in its
field.
We have.
We have a third. in the near
near the the ball and maybe
another donkey in the corner.
I wouldn't then below has
another bull, but maybe they're
all bulls once that's grading as
donkey.
We can see a couple of rabbits.
Of the fields.
I think some people, your people
feeding their kids perhaps.
Someone is collapsing up his
tent or he's just a bad example,
his tent right on the river
bank.
There are sharks in the river.
You see its
dorsals. #END_campsite
No one else seems to know.
That's perfect.
And now I'll pull up.
Our next one.
OK, so the next one, like I
said before, is going to be one
of the stories. So you you have
like 15 minutes to do the story
and let me know when you'd like
me to move on.
From each.
Uh, slide. And I'm going to
pull up.
OK, I'm this. This story is 6
slides.
Bless you.
You you're good. This story is
6 slides, so just let me know
when you want me to move
forward.
OK.
#START_arrival_6 OK, so we have.
A whole series
of small.
Small little those little
pictures describing the scene.
And it is the man in a hat
wearing a
Suit
But didn't seem to be wearing
the tie anyway. So we we say we
have like a table by the window.
Empty pot.
And.
And it could be small origami
bird
That the man is making and he's
written a letter on this small
piece of paper and he's then
turned into an origami bird and
put it into an envelope with
some cash money. He's sealing
the envelope placing a postal
stamp on it.
{There you go. That makes sense
now.}
Not sure what the flap is all
about, but he's now.
Written his letter, turned it
into a yellow folded origami
bird. Places in the unrest that
stamped the envelope. sealed the
envelope closed and he's walking
down the stairs.
The peculiar creature is not as
he's seen him before, white with
a long tail, his bodies being
entirely.
You can you can hinge mouth far
back in his body and I don't
know what it is. It seems to be
his pet he's going down a
staircase get an old woman with
a shopping basket and he's a
directions she's pointing just
behind him. So he and the
creature have walked off and
found a post box which seems
quite complicated with buttons
on it.
He's reading the instructions
and turning a key in  into the
slot. That's a bit.
He's looking for now. He's
posted his letter. He looks up
and we see the next scene, which
is a.
Rural based with trees on it.
The trees.
More like just single leaves,
but they know they're standings
to all these trees and floating
balloons.
Seems to be.
The mailbox seems to be hanging
below this floating door.
And while the man walks all the
way down the hill with his
peculiar creature.
Walking by his side had been
posted the envelope.
OK, now we see in closer detail
what these trees are. Again,
they look like leaves, just
single leaves, but they're as
big as trees and we see them
developing. And of course of the
images, the first one is a leaf
planted in the ground, the
second one the splitting verdict
at the top, and it's it's it's
forming into 2.
halves as it as it opens, the
several sprig appears and the
leaves ourselves right away and
fall to the ground, leaving a
single flower on a single thing
like this, like dandelion.
And grows and and and and then
starts to wither his color and
then it gives off 4.
Which?
Blow away in the winter and back
and forth to the ground. The
white filaments blew away and
form a snow scene, so we're left
of snowy landscape
On what was the?
The the dandelion. We were just
discussing the dark and the the
rest of his body is blown away
and perhaps formed the snow that
is now the backdrop on on the on
the scene
But less present these
industrial landscapes of it.
To it seems to be.
We we've gone back to sea pier
colors. It's a a town squiggles,
industrial great huge
manufacturing building with lots
of windows.
Made for you still.
with roadways and chimneys and
smoke, and it all looks very
Gray and brown and weak and
dreary.
Many people, and there are
people around the ground.
There's quite a huge building
and you see the people on the
street and below it very small.
The, the. The.
Floating boat theme powered
floating boat floating. Yeah,
not floating in the water. There
are two of those.
we see with the the the
factories in greater detail that
have chimneys with Spanky bits
on top and people on the ground
and there's a conical triangular
shaped.
Building. Maybe it's the
chimney.
With the.
Big port hole in the side.
And leave. The mood disappears
in the vast distance with
factories getting smaller and
smaller and smaller, but still
smoke gone gloom.
Floating boats.
The ship boats and.
I can't see man with the strange
creature, expect he'll appear
soon.
OK, well we're back with the
flower pot. Who's that before?
But the view strange origami
creature would.
I think maybe we we planted some
things and then in the first.
Scene and then begin to grow and
it's almost as if the peculiar
paper origami bird is got some
fledgling in this in this flap
on his feet. Meanwhile, the man.
Yeah, the man is sitting on the
end of the bed.
the sheets are off the bed That
is ruffled as they.
Poor picture of three people
maybe.
And he's with me after that, we
that we have his desk and an oil
lamp, and the flat portion of
the strange creature feeding is
playing.
We come back the other strange
creature with a large long tail,
the white odd creature, then
maybe the end of the men's dog.
He's as he's patiently he
suddenly appeared, disappeared
down a ladder. The man followed
near the ladder and found an
envelope with three stamps on it
Presumably, the man opens the
envelope looking inside. And
there is that the origami bird
we saw being mailed a while ago.
The man is obviously pleased
with this. He's finally gonna be
reading message. He held it in
his hand and looked through the
window looks upwards to see
where it has come from.
{We'll find out on the next
page.}
Ohh we see we have the origami
bird, but it actually looks more
like s scorpion or perhaps. It's
a it's a representation of the
peculiar path of the man has.
Long tail and no back, like huge
mess that hinges half of its
body with the length of it.
I'm gonna get a closer look at
the comical factory with a
The window in its side, which
has some sort of COG mechanism
inside it, and we see a man's
land.
Coat hanging on the rail on the
wall.
Diagram of the boats of one of
the steam driven
with the smoke coming out of it
We have the newspaper with a cup
of tea.
The man and his one child
unsuspectingly, the portrait
and.
I think the man and depositing a
coin into or believe is the
child. The girl child part, he's
giving her some money.
{Some of those we'll find out on
the next screen.}
Well, we see a happy family
scene. There's a meal in the
kitchen. I expect Kitchen
doesn't look like a dining room.
Mother, father and child.
The city is able to imagine that
we can see him.
Put the money. the man doesn't
have a plate he has little tea.
The mother has a plate I think
also, we can see it in front of
the girl. Child has a plate and
the men's peculiar pet creature
is sitting there. You feel the
little child.
So the child is putting on her
Wellington boots and patting the
creature on one of his head.
And they're putting on her hat,
running down the staircase as
they are to leave their the,
the, the leaving their house
They're running down the stairs
and the child is pointing out.
tiny Dots to the to to the
creature
Which then added
lots of glowing orbs, and the
child is holding one in its palm
of her hand. Looking at it in
one it's got a green headliner
band around. #END_arrival_6
The.
There we go.
The death toll to happen next?
That's actually I think
technically that's like the
ending of the book.
And then I'm going to show you
another chapter from that book
as our long story. OK, so this
one is 4 slides and then like
before.
Ah.
Sneeze though you ohh, here we
go like before so 10 to 15
minutes. You have four slides
and just let me know when you
would like me to move on.
#START_arrival_5 OK, well, we have.
Double page on her left hand
side half the half the image is
of a.
Town with with
a wind Road leading up from the
harbor up to the top of the to
the building on the Meadows
Castle located in the shape of
wise owl.
Buildings.
And there are flocks of birds
coming in and out of these.
This is the large creatures. I
think they're buildings.
There are more.
Normal buildings already tall
with lots of stories.
From harbor.
Following the incline.
Made both of them, but like.
Malta, some of the of the
buildings, the harbours, they're
all very close together, full of
people watching, hanging out of
the windows. There are small
fishing boats rowing, but pulled
up out of the water on the side
harbor and the boat is being
rolled ashore now, two people,
you know, there's a.
birds in the distance
This sky closing the sea
Is the man in the hat enough
fellow and the man has his pet
cruder and the creature with an
even longer tail, and he has a
plate of some sort with
something food, a basket of
fruit, and it's a boy child is
now handing it to a female.
And the boy was them.
female
Ohh, he's he's kissing her on
the cheek.
quite happy about that.
a basket of produce under is the
arm and the man in the hat and
jacket and tie? He's now meeting
this couple, be taking his hat
off and they're all being
introduced and shaking hands
smiling, and she is now
gesturing him into the house.
Come this way, she's saying.
With the four hands and each
holding a glass of sort of like
one is a girl child. She's I
think maybe they are all having
a glass of wine.
Basket which has.
Despite the leaking of the
evening meal or some very
strange creatures and like squid
and she's now chopping up in
preparation for the meal and
grinding them and putting them
into odd peaked pots with.
With the pointy lid and some
holes to let the steam out like
she's made, it was like a
shaking.
About the gravy to it, like
getting married.
having supper I think.
And all indeed sitting there.
There are two creatures. The
child is feeding one of them the
one. We've known before the
White one, there's a black one.
Pointy tails. Squirrel don't
really know what.
They're all sitting in the
cloud.
But.
sitting at the dining table,
which has the clothing and the
dining room not the kitchen, and
it's laden with dishes.
Or full of odd looking food
again.
Like a still, you know,
deputizes squid. Maybe the fish
in that too.
And maybe in there is opening a
bottle and they're all we see
images of them all eating and
laughing and joking and.
Having a good convos and then
he's got an accordion which.
is fine fine but accordion
trumpet horns coming out to make
it even louder. Woman is
blowing.
Peculiar trumpet
He's playing a banjo with the
the squirrel type creature
joining in.
And they're making the origami
creature by the second one that
that we gave her, the one that
looks like a squirrel.
And the boy child is wearing his
father's hat he having been
presented with his origami
creature.
And every couple in the hat has
going to visit ohh on. He's
removing a pot from the cabinet
and he and his wife are
presenting this.
{When I go down on the next
page.}
But we see the pot back where it
was in the first slide, sitting
on the dressing table by the
workshop.
the child Stroke the peculiar
creature with the long tail
white one.
And he's getting dressed putting
a shirt on, and he's now
preparing for these cut up q
Peculiar vegetable and he's
given half to the strange
creature. He's keeping half for
himself on the plate with knife
on the edge of the plate At rest
he's feeding it putting on the
jacket again a suit with no tie
and the creature has
Brought him and is offering him
his hat
Well, he goes out now. He's
left. He's joining the throng of
people, presumably going to work
They all looked to be at the
same direction.
Dark. Slowly
Walking towards a destination,
we've got hats on the peculiar
creatures in inter. Like pets,
like like dogs, though one looks
a bit like a goose, one looks a
bit like a.
Strange cats with a long tail.
Maybe that's the man with the
creature, and then we seize the
money.
A fireman.
Three of them only their large
hose pipe and 3 4 5.
Like nuclear power Station being
does belching smoke in the
background.
man in a sombrero, he is feeding
the peculiar creatures that look
a bit like squid.
That he he he door where someone
is purchasing.
I don't know what it is he is
purchasing
And then we have a man painting
a mural on a wall
on top of a ladder a woman with
a bicycle with a basket on it.
Selling.
Stuff on this on the food stuff
like from the, from the.
From the street this is my the
Member know what it is.
These bakers umbrella over them
and with a jacket sitting there
producing some circular.
then we see the original man
with the hat. You know me
talking to someone at an. Open
doorway. He has his white
peculiar creature pet with him.
And he's talking to the chef.
Chefs hat, white apron, you
could be a Baker.
large mixing pot with the spoon
in it and they're talking to the
man is asking question and the
baker is saying no, no, I don't
know. So the man moves on and
the next image he's talking to
an engineer of sorts for the hat
and spectacles. He has a
peculiar creature as a pet. He's
a mechanic. He's going to spend
every month end to on the
ground. Maybe he looks like he's
repairing a boiler for one of
the.
Factories
He is holding his hand up saying
no. Now we see the man were they
as she is.
she is selling pots or not
flowers, not potted plants but.
small creatures are being grown.
The pots and peculiar pets
And the again, the woman to say
no, I don't.
He's at the he's asking me, he's
holding his hat in his hand and
he's, he's he's saying well,
where is whatever he's looking
for? So she doesn't know and the
men appears in the street.
Talking to somebody else beneath
a.
Steamboats that is being
manufactured or or repaired. We
could see another couple in the
background flying around and
lots of people walking around.
The thing though, I think that
they are making one of these,
these steamboats
Battle themes. Everyone's lots
of people seem to have their own
pet peculiar creature. the man
with the hat? He is still with
him and he's asking another man.
Who's? Who's
saying No, I don't know either.
Maybe the next one just look
what he's looking for. #END_arrival_5
Would you like me to perfect.
And let me just double check to
make sure.
Got the last one.
OK, so let me just.